Paul Rumson here from work where
canada.com and about again in the hills
in British Columbia and later on II in
our December and had a bit snow it's
about minus 5/6 today so but lovely day
only sunny really clear skies really
nice and then we've come out to show you
one of the nice from a new range of
knives we do which is wrap cutlery and
the rack cutlery are a brand that you
hear quite a lot about within you know
hunting and outdoor circles and forums
and things got very good reputation and
you know we were very pleased to be able
to bring them into Canada your knife I'm
going to show you today actually is the
is the wrapped three the rc3 and this
one is other than the i0 which is a neck
knife this is the smallest knife in the
range the rc3 here is a very good little
all-round knife it's about just over
eight and a half inches long has a three
and seven eighths inch blade steel rat
cutlery use is a 1095 carbon steel very
good choices steel carvers still you
know very easy professionally edged up
keeps its edge well and they hardened to
about 50-year 758 HRC and you know has a
certain if you watch there there look do
little video on their on their website
it shows the place do have a good degree
of flexibility which is good you know if
you you end up talking the blade Foyle
reason there is a obviously a slight
issue with carbon steel with rusting to
be it's not an issue at all you know
knives would be there to be used and if
you use a knife if you take it home and
you clean it and dry it and put it away
and there's no issue obviously right
have considered this and a and they put
very tough powder coating and there's a
good coating on these on these steel
blades but realistically you know like I
say you know they're to be using you use
them and just dry when you get home and
you know you'll never have an issue I
mean you could really you could put some
mineral oil or something on the blade
if you really
wanted to but you know I certainly
wouldn't bother but but a good choice of
Steel and you know makes a good edge you
know you know good strong blade this is
a green McCarter slabs and this is a
desert tan they do different different
colors and if you check our website
we'll we'll put those colors on as
they're coming stock an unusual feature
with their at knives they have this coil
here which is a slight indent in the
blade but often the tall is just a an
unaged part of the blade where you can
put your finger this one has a as a cut
out quite cut I find it quite
comfortable actually and I find it quite
useful when you're doing very fine work
gives you a lot of extra control it's
quite an interesting feature and you
don't often see that on some knives you
do but it's nice to have actually I
quite like it so it's very handy size
you noticing that sort of three to four
inch size which is ideal for an
all-round life and I've been using this
and been very pleased with it I'm going
to quickly show the sheathing systems
because they are interesting and it once
you put a lot of work and thought into
these the shoes they come with are this
is a plastic sheet has a double lock on
the knife so the nice lock in like this
and then there's a band round there as
well
so you have a double locking mechanism
you can buy the knives with the sheath
with what they call the tech locks which
are systems you can use which screw on
you see the holes in the sheath they
simply screw on the back and then those
tech knocks attached to the molle system
of your bag or belts or you can buy
which I prefer actually at the moment
with the Molly backs and the Molly backs
are good because again you can attach
them to the Molly system you simply
screw on to the onto the sheath here and
but you can also wear on a belt or on a
clip so that's you know that's quite a
flexible designer sheath and you know
gloss aware as a the next sheath as well
so I like that to obviously spend a lot
of time thing about these shoes and made
a good product I actually added on a
fall even DC 3 T onto the face here
that's just a
the top part of the you know the diamond
part of a dc-3 with a contact adhesive
is stuck that on there and it works very
well with me you know easy to take it
out and you want to just freshen that
blade up you know you can just work it
through and it's been very good
I'm not quite so keen on the velcro
attachment because I like to wear a lot
of wool clothing does tend to catch a
bit about see it snap there but really I
can't really fault the sheets it's very
good and I say the knife as well
excellent I'll just quickly show you
actually just have interest in some of
them with an f1 here you can see very
similar sized knife and you can see that
so one I'll just show you especially you
can you can see that bit better they're
gross on a knife and boast obviously
exome or ran right now we will be
stocking most of the rat range actually
and we're going to add the headlines and
hopefully do the whole lot in in the new
year you know we've really enjoyed using
them and they're you know had a lot of
excellent feedback with them so so we'll
be stocking those you can buy the Molly
back separately and you can obviously
have the choice of different colours of
the blade and there's also you know with
you can buy the shoes with the tech
blocks or the Molly back and yeah just
been very pleasing them and in a very
good quality here knives